Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to wrap everything up with an obese.
And the reason for the obese is whenever a user search for other users, we want to be able to display
those users in real time.
Okay, then let's do this.
We need to go back to our VTS code and then.
The search screen and now we can use control a, b to make this wide.
And what we can do is we're going to use this, which you've said before.
So over the scaffold.
We can then alight and then use control and dots.
Then we can, first of all, rob this wheat distributor.
Then over distributor.
We can then rename it to this, which you sell before.
That is the whole piece.
Okay.
The reason for this is immediately we search for any user who wants that user to be automatically displayed
in real time.
Okay, so we can get rid of this and as well we need to get rid of what we have over here.
Okay.
Had as well.
What we have over here.
Dead.
You can get rid of this.
Okay, great.
So now what we can do now is to how to start this over here.
And now we can try this out ourselves.
This is the hottest tab, this app.
And we just need to wait for this.
Okay.
It's going to start this now.
Okay, great.
So now we can try to search for a user.
Let's go to the screen quickly.
Key says screen.
And over here you can search for Mac and click on Enter.
If you go to see Mac over here, you can see it's been displayed real time.
So what we can as well do is when we click over this, Mac wants to go to the profile of Mac.
So now what we're going to need to do now is to use control at beat.
So make this smaller and then over the screens directory regularly to create a new file.
And we're going to call this file profile on the score screen.
And as you know, the section is dot dot.
And now we can use control and B, to make this fight and we can create a stateless widget for now.
And since we can change it to a set for widgets if the need arises as well, we could call this profile
screen and what we have to do over here is to alight and then use control dots in order to import the
material to that package and.
What we can basically do for now is to return a center widget in order to send the next widget we're
going to be using.
And now we can have a child.
Chide.
Which is going to be a test we jet and it's just going to say for now provide screen.
Okay.
We can just cut through and save and then head back to our screen.
Now, over this list, view the builder.
We can wrap this with the bottle by highlighting and then use control and dots wrap with widgets.
We're going to wrap this widget with a type of button known as gesture detector.
And as you know, the gesture detector has a property known as on tap.
On top of that, we want to say navigator.
Navigator Dot.
Push.
It can just go ahead and say push.
You can see it as well past the context to it.
And this is going to be material page roots and it is the context, as you know.
And we can then return the profile script.
We just create that profile screen.
Okay, great.
And as well, we did a trick.
So we did a semicolon over here and we can just also start this again.
And.
It's going to take us back to our first screen.
That is the home.
And.
We can then head back to the screen and search for Mark.
You can see it's going to pop out right up and we can click on this.
Okay, great.
So basically, they trapped this with the scaffold, right?
Says Creed.
So, Professor Creed.
And instead of this, we need to wrap this with scaffold.
Stafford.
If not have access to lots of properties at the DOT to have access to that white background.
So this going to be sator.
The child is going to be a test for now, which is just going to say profile screened.
Okay.
Great.
Now, if you have any other questions or probably you don't understand what we just did, you can do
what we do.
And I'm fully available to answer all your questions, to answer all your dubs.
Okay, guys, see you at this lecture.